you wake up in 2030 and think of your
favorite song to get the right mood for
the day
your phone turns it on for you mind
control
has replaced keypads touch screens and
voice control
you create a mental invite to your
birthday party and send it to your
friends
you read it in digital history books
that scientists at mit
started working on something similar
back in the late 2010s
the idea was to help people with speech
disorders back then
they had to wear a weird gadget
connected to the ear but now
it's all down to a phone it can bend
into any shape
you can wear it as a bracelet whenever
you want transform it into a gps belt
for hiking
or lay it out flat again you can take it
apart or turn it into a flat screen to
watch videos
your sister has the model that fits
right into her ear she puts it on and it
magically disappears
this is one of the trendiest designer
phones that adapts to your skin
and hair color with a sensor layer you
open
a box with old printed photos to
decorate the house for the party
and find a weird gadget with a wire your
dad explains it's an old school phone
charger
in 2030 phones are always 100 charged
and you don't have to plug them in
somewhere
or put on some mat powerful transmitters
in different parts of the country
charge your phone's nano batteries over
the air when you're within their range
they also charge other gadgets and even
electric cars
quickly and efficiently when you're
outside your phone
also charges from solar power because
all headphones data transfer and
charging are wireless now
you don't need any ports on your phone
at all water can't get in
lint doesn't build inside pins don't
wear out
your phone doesn't have any weak spots
anymore
you're starting to feel classic birthday
blues so your phone plays your favorite
funny video
it's your legit best friend and helper
it keeps track of your physical and
mental health
and offers you some breathing exercises
to prevent panic attacks and stress
it opens the front door for you starts
your car from home
and takes you on the fastest route when
you oversleep
when you travel it takes you through
gates with your ticket and id
saved on it no need to take it out
the day is just starting but you already
got hundreds of birthday messages
you make your phone switch its oled
display to e-ink one
old phones with oled displays were
perfect for videos and games
but reading wasn't good for the eyes too
much light shining in your face
now phones have both technologies
combined oled
and e-ink used in e-readers you can
choose the display you need at the
moment and read books safely
time to go outside you're running a
marathon today
you split the route with five other
members of your team and you all stay
connected through a running app
it feels like a real marathon with
background sound effects
you've shown a good result and decide to
take a winter photo
your front-facing camera is now hidden
under the display
and doesn't take any screen space like
in the older phones
the pictures are of perfect quality
thanks to many sensors that pick up
light
and a sensitive screen that lets more
light through
you ask another runner you met in the
park to take a picture of you
he has nine cameras on his phone to
choose from the quality is about the
same as the maximum that human eyes can
see
that's 576 megapixels to get the best
out of it
you also add a removable camera module
now your phone is better than any
professional camera
and off goes an hour long video of the
run
it only took a couple seconds to post it
to your social media
the networks went beyond 6g and 7g
satellite and quantum technologies
turned the world into one
seamless internet hotspot your friends
arrive for the party
you show them some childhood photos of
you you stretch the phone from two
corners
so that everyone can see what's on the
screen you can make it twice as large
not just the display but most of its
components are now stretchable to make
it possible
one of your childhood friends lucy also
has some pictures to show
she takes out her phone looks like she
has a new one again
it was red yesterday but now it's purple
lucy laughs and explains her phone is
completely transparent
it's back is made from a material that's
kind of like glass
and absorbs light completely that
material is almost impossible to break
so the phone will last forever and you
can't leave fingerprints on it
it has led lights inside you can choose
any color you like for the phone
you can set it to yellow the back cover
absorbs all the light
and it looks like it's painted yellow
before you even blink
you can also set the phone to change
color randomly every day
or choose a gradient coloring option
the all glass phone looks seamless and
has no edges
it has extra displays you can see
through all sides and the back
all these surfaces are sensible so you
can control volume or activate airplane
mode from any angle
you can also handle notifications on the
front side and work with apps on the
back side at the same time
steve has an even cooler phone it
projects screens as a hologram above it
you can also bend it to see the 3d image
or video from different angles
you watch a birthday video your friends
made for you in the air
tom has the holographic projector in his
wristwatch phone
it projects images onto your palm you
can adjust it to fit your palm size
time to look at your presence mike
brought a vintage computer
it's a popular house decoration these
days phones have completely replaced
them
they can do all the same tasks and are
portable and easier to use
you can have all the games and apps you
want on your phone now
they are all web apps working through
your browser and they don't take any
space on your phone
the connection is seamless so they work
as fast as apps from the past that you
had to install on your phone
oh the girls brought you a virtual gift
certificate from your favorite designer
you can choose whatever outfit you like
and try it on from home with the new 3d
face mapping
with artificial intelligence and 3d
sensing technology
you can see what you're going to look
like in different clothes and with
different hairstyles
that red dress looks great on you it'll
be delivered in minutes
3d face mapping also lets you unlock
your phone from a big distance
there's also a surprise gift from your
favorite singer
you put on new glasses to see a 3d
hologram of him in your living room
singing a customized birthday song
suddenly
the hologram turns into a real person
everyone screams and tries to deactivate
this feature somehow
you try voice and mind control but it
doesn't work
you and all the guests run around the
room with your phones aimed at him
turns out it was a part of the plan
that's a real person and not some bug
you give him some birthday cake and let
him go
apart from that incident the glasses are
super handy
they let you call people and show their
name in front of your eyes when they're
calling you
they also show your emails to you give
you directions to get to places
and do everything else you use your
phone for if you want to take a picture
you have to frame it with your eyes and
say a code word to do it
some people think the glasses headsets
and other wearables will take over
phones completely
you turn on a tv screen projection to
see the news for the day
they say humans are on their way to
becoming cyborgs
by 2050 there will be brain computer
interfaces
like mind control but one step further
there will be no
physical screens microphones or other
gadgets at all
microchips will be built into clothes
and accessories and connected to the
brain
another option is planting them directly
under your skin
there will be tiny electrodes in your
brain to make that connection possible
you'll even be able to upload and
download your thoughts
you'll also hear the voices of your
friends in your head like your thoughts
when they call you
and listen to music the same way your
friends leave
and your phone sets the alarm for you
for the next day and plays your favorite
lullaby